Yo hum
You are so funny
The same thing happens again
Humph
Your transfer says it's fake, it's real
Is it possible that this is true?
Hmm, if this is true
I kneel down and kowtow to you three times
Hey dad what's the matter
You brat
The brain was killed by you
Xiao Yuyan was taken by the super boss
Shenghe used to count the books and did not send anyone to
Now you'd better ask Xiao Yuyuan's forgiveness
Otherwise, we will add the wronged king.
less
What's your trouble?
Mr. Xiao, I was wrong
Please forgive me
Wang Tian, what do you mean?
I don't know.
You are a super boss woman
How dare you call Xiao County's younger brother?
Now my father has sent the master book
From now on
Shenghe Group is yours.
Shenghe Group gave it to me